(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) Summer has come again this year.
Summer has come again this year.
A big wave is coming, a big wave
is coming.
The south wind is blowing.
A big ship is coming, a big ship
is coming.
A big ship is coming.
Summer has come again this year.
A big wave is coming, a big wave
is coming.
The south wind is blowing.
A big butt is coming, a big butt
is coming.
A big wave!
The Edo-Kogashi
War Leave
it to me.
A lot of amigos are coming
out.
It is very lively.
It's natural for the festival to be
lively.
It's only natural, isn't it?
It's going to be even more lively
from now on.
Ah, Reiko-san!
The festival is about to begin.
That's quite a number of mikoshi.
That's right.
We're going to race to the shrine
up ahead and see which one of us
will be the Edokko of Ed
okko.
It's the main event of today's
festival.
Oh, they're here!
Over here!
You're late, Ryo-san!
Sorry, sorry.
I was so worried you wouldn't come.
It's true!
Because thanks to Ryo-san, our
choukai has been in the
top spot for three consecutive years.
Ryo-san is now like a
great Edokko master.
Is that so?
That's right.
Edokko of Edokko.
Ryo-san, Edokko number
one!
Super Edokko Ryo-san!
Yo!
The best Edokko in the universe!
It feels good to be told the truth.
That guy's an Edokko?
Huh?
You're making me laugh.
It seems like he's happy to be
praised for his jealousy.
I can't say he's the real
Edokko.
What?
I haven't seen you before.
What's your choukai?
This guy is called Kin-san, the
Edokko of Edokko.
He's our choukai's
assistant.
What did you say?
I can't let you guys do big
things every year.
You fake Edokko!
I'll skin you alive.
You're funny!
You too!
Don't make me laugh!
Edokko of Edokko He
's not even worth talking about.
I knew it.
He's not Edokko.
No, no.
No one can beat Osage.
I'll look down on everyone from above
my head.
This is Edokko!
I'll let you say that.
Hey, Ryo-san!
If you're Edokko, you should
stand on your head.
You're sitting on your head.
You're overdoing it.
Yeah, you should stand on one leg.
Edokko likes to stand on one
leg.
So that's how it is.
This is a nice view.
I don't know this guy, so I
can't call myself Edokko.
Don't even stand on your head.
I'm Edokko.
Like this.
This is the original Edokko.
This is the ultimate Edokko.
Are you all right, Ryo-san?
He's already in the lead.
Ryo-san's got a weird
position.
That's right.
He's going to win.
Shut up!
Then I have no choice but to do
it.
Okay, let's go!
It's a shortcut!
You can't lose!
This is also a shortcut!
Wow!
That was great!
That's not good!
Don't follow me!
You're the one who's running in
front of us!
Damn it!
He's going to beat us up!
Let's speed up!
Don't let him get away!
Chase him!
There's only one left!
I'm the number one Edokko!
I'm going to beat him up!
Okay, I got it!
Idiot!
Slow down!
You're going to hit the shrine!
You shouldn't have said that!
I can't stop him!
I forgot!
Damn it!
Idiot!
Are you okay?
Damn it!
I lost the championship four years in a
row.
I broke the shrine and the shrine maiden.
I'm going to get wet!
It's terrible!
It's all his fault!
Damn it!
Are you going to take a bath, too?
It's up to me where I'm
going to take a bath!
Senpai!
I'm going to beat you up!
I don't feel like giving up.
Ryo, you're going to catch a
fish, right?
I got number one!
It's 370 yen.
I don't need a fish today!
I knew it!
You're number one, Edokko!
I won't let you!
I'm number one!
Senpai, what was that scream?
Scream?
I didn't hear a scream.
It's your imagination, isn't it?
But...
It's your imagination!
Um...
Aren't you going to take the first
bath?
What?
I was just thinking about taking a bath.
Oh, me too!
Ryo?
Don't shake it!
The water's going to evaporate!
That way!
Nakagawa!
Help me with the boiler!
The water's going to evaporate!
What?
You're going to raise the temperature?
Yeah, it's still warm.
That's strange.
I was going to make it pretty hot.
It's starting to warm up a little.
It's starting to warm up?
Don't make me laugh.
It's still warm for you, Edok
ko.
Nakagawa!
It's not warming up at all!
Add more firewood!
It's still warm?
Hot!
It's over 60 degrees!
That's not the temperature a human can
take in!
I said it's warm, so it's
warm!
I don't know what 60 degrees is!
Edokko, you're still like ice
water!
Go back to the boiler!
I understand.
It's so warm!
My nose is running!
Do something, Nakagawa!
Yes, sir!
I'm using Nakagawa's i
ce.
I can heat it up to 10,000
degrees.
I see.
10,000 degrees...
I love this foam!
I don't feel like I'm in
the bath unless I see the water boiling.
Nakagawa, the water's boiling, so
don't make a fuss.
It's still warm for you, Edok
ko.
Watch out!
Senpai!
Are you all right?
I'm not Edokko unless I
explode!
I'm sure of it!
Ryo, did you wake up?
No, not yet.
I bought you sushi.
What?
Sushi?
Senpai, did you wake up?
Yes, I woke up from the word sushi.
Edokko doesn't have eyes for
sushi.
As expected of you, Senpai.
It doesn't matter, but at least take
off your pants.
It's not delicacy.
That's not in my dictionary.
It's not in my dictionary.
Let's eat!
What's wrong, Senpai?
What is this sushi?
It's an avocado roll.
Avocado?
It's sushi from the west coast of
America.
It's healthy and very popular.
The west coast of America?
Healthy?
Are you kidding me?
How do you know it's sushi from
the west coast of Edo?
It's from the west coast of E
do.
It's made from fish caught in the
Tokyo Bay.
That's why it's called sushi from
the west coast of Edo.
This isn't real sushi.
What are you doing, Ryo?
It's too much, Senpai.
Reiko bought it for you.
Even so, I can only eat sushi from
the west coast of Edo.
Then let me eat real sushi from the
west coast of Edo.
I want to compare real sushi from the
west coast of Edo with the sushi
I bought.
If I don't compare them, I won
't be able to accept your attitude.
Okay.
I'll take you there.
I wonder what kind of sushi he'll
make me eat.
I'm looking forward to it.
It's my first time to be treated
by you, Senpai.
Darn it.
This is unexpected.
I'll go over there.
Senpai, where are you going?
I'm almost there.
You're not going to eat sushi from
the west coast of Edo, are you?
I was wondering who you were.
You look like you're from the west
coast of Edo.
Are you from Hirumano?
You're Ryo-chan's opponent?
You're from a sushi restaurant?
Yes.
I've been eating sushi from the west
coast of Edo for 500 years.
Since Toyotomi Hideyoshi was
still in Hiyoshimaru, I
've been eating sushi from this restaurant which
has been in Tokugawa Iey
asu's favor.
Let's go, Nakagawa Reiko.
My brain will rot if I play with
such a big guy.
Hey, hey.
You're not going to eat sushi from
the west coast of Edo, are you?
It's up to me where I go.
Darn it.
I'm in Edo now.
I'm going to eat sushi from the
west coast of Edo.
Hey, Senpai.
Isn't it that restaurant?
It's not that one.
I'm going to this restaurant.
You're going to satisfy us, aren't
you?
Hey, Sushiya.
Hey, you.
If you wake up, I'm going to
eat the real thing.
Well, what should I eat?
This kind of restaurant is expensive.
I'm going to eat something cheap.
There's a delicious sea urchin, Miss.
Then, I'm going to eat that.
What?
What's wrong?
No, it's nothing.
What should I eat?
There's a good toro, Miss.
Then, toro.
Hey, old man.
What?
Do you want to know what's in
my wallet?
That's no good.
A real Edo boy doesn't have
money to get drunk.
Don't be stupid.
I'm...
Where's the bathroom?
Over there.
That sea urchin and toro alone
are worth 5,000 yen.
Even if I order cheap stuff from now
on, 20,000 yen is a little too
much.
I think I should do something about this
and get out of here.
Hey, wait.
I'm sorry.
Saku-kun.
This guy.
He's just talking about expensive stuff again.
If it's like this...
Old man, I'd like half a bottle
of maki.
Yes.
Kanpyo maki.
Here you go.
The cheapest kanpyo maki in
the world.
Please wait.
I'm going to put a lot of
special sauce on it.
Huh?
What's this?
It's kanpyo maki.
Oh, this is kanpyo maki?
There's no seaweed, and there's only
one kanpyo.
Can an Edo boy eat such a
thin toro?
It's been around for 500 years.
Can you hear me?
This isn't real sushi.
Let's go, Reiko Nakagawa.
Yes, sir.
What about the money?
There's a 50% discount on the
sign.
You don't have to pay for fake
sushi.
Mission accomplished.
Wait a minute, Giku.
That kanpyo maki is just
an appetizer.
This is the real kanpyo mak
i.
That's right.
The kanpyo maki in front
of Edo isn't this big.
I'm glad you said that.
You're pretty good.
I'll make you do whatever you want.
So, what are we doing next?
Well, I'm going to get a sea
urchin, too.
What?
A sea urchin army roll?
No, it's a sea urchin spaceship
roll.
A sea urchin spaceship roll?
You can't do it?
What?
There's nothing I can't do.
Wait a minute.
A sea urchin spaceship roll...
This is it.
Yes, sir.
How about a sea urchin spaceship roll?
What's this?
It's a seal and a kanpy
o.
It'll look cool later.
You idiot!
There's no way there's only one
seal on a battleship.
This is a space destroyer roll.
You've got it a little wrong.
It's just that there aren't many
customers who order a sea urchin spaceship
roll.
This is the real deal.
A sea urchin spaceship roll.
What?
This is it.
What's this?
If I don't eat this, I don
't feel like I've come to a
sushi restaurant.
As expected of a sea urchin.
You're right.
Then I'll have you eat it in
one bite.
What?
Sea urchins are supposed to be
eaten in one bite, right?
Of course.
What should I serve next?
Let's see.
Let's get something to eat.
There's nothing I can't do.
That's right.
A shrimp-shaped rice ball.
A leaf-shaped roll.
Curry rice.
A salmon and salmon roe rice ball.
Here we go.
A tuna rice ball.
It's completely rainbow-colored.
He's like a child.
What should I serve next?
There's more to come.
That's right.
Then I'll have octopus dance.
It's alive.
Octopus is dancing on the rice ball.
This is exactly octopus dance.
Eat it while it's fresh.
Thank you.
I'll have to eat this edib
le squid.
You seem to be out of breath.
I caught it.
I ate it.
I'll take it.
2 million yen.
Is it expensive?
No, it's not.
I was surprised because it was so cheap.
Of course, I'll pay you in cash.
Because I'm from Edo.
I'll get the money.
Wait a minute.
I'll be right back.
I'm sorry, but
I only have small ones.
Can you count them?
I'm glad.
I thought you wanted a small one.
I thought you'd say that.
I'm glad.
You're wrong.
They're not laughing at all.
I want you to be moderate.
Why are Reiko and I connected by
hand?
I don't have a key.
Then Reiko and I will live like
this for the rest of our lives.
I don't want that.
Next time, Ryotsu and Re
iko.
Thank you.
Please subscribe to our channel.